add project template (#65)
Element84/filmdrop-aws-tf-modules: deploy.md

Typically, non-prod environments like dev will use something like `dev.stingray.example.com`
and prod will use something like `stingray.example.com`

## Git Repository Setup

Create a Git repository for your FilmDrop Infrastructure deployment
project (e.g., `filmdrop-{project_name}-aws-infra-ops`). This will be the
FilmDrop deployment project that will deploy FilmDrop from CI.

Copy the contents of the `project` directory from this
repository to the root of your new repository.

Rename `remove.gitignore` to `.gitignore`

Commit this code to the new repository as the branch `main`. This will start
a pipeline, which will probably fail since we haven't yet performed some required
configuration.

Before making any other changes, create a new branch to put these changes in.

## Boostrap AWS Resources

### Create Deployment IAM Role

The deployment IAM Role is used when deploying FilmDrop infrastructure from CI.
The deployment Role should be created once per AWS Account.

There are two different CloudFormation templates, depending on which CI system
you are using:

- GitLab: bootstrap/gitlab_deploy_role_cfn.yml
- GitHub: bootstrap/github_deploy_role_cfn.yml

> You can create a CloudFormation Stack from these templates with the
> following command (GitLab example shown), The Terraform state S3 Bucket name
> (discussed later) must be globally unique, so it is recommended to use where the value
> passed for `TerraformStateBucketName` is a unique bucket name based on the template
> `filmdrop-{project_name}-{region}-terraform-state-{random_string}`:
> 
> ```shell
> aws cloudformation deploy --stack-name "appFilmDropDeployRoleBootstrap" \     
>    --template-file bootstrap/gitlab_deploy_role_cfn.yml \
>    --capabilities=CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM \
>    --parameter-overrides     TerraformStateBucketName=filmdrop-stingray-us-west-2-terraform-state-20240515
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a CloudFormation Stack from these templates with the
following command (GitLab example shown), the GitLabRunner AWS Account Number
is needed to authorize the GitLab runner to assume the appFilmDropDeployRole:

```shell
aws cloudformation deploy --stack-name "appFilmDropDeployRoleBootstrap" \     
   --template-file bootstrap/gitlab_deploy_role_cfn.yml \
   --capabilities=CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM \
   --parameter-overrides GitLabRunnerAWSAccountNumber=123456789123
```
```

Copy the Role ARNs created by this deploy and either:

- GitLab: Enable the trust policy for these roles in GitLab Runner. After they
are enabled, GitLab CI pipelines of your project will be able to use
this role to connect to corresponding AWS accounts.
- GitHub: TBD

### Create OpenSearch Service Service Role

The Service Role should be created only once per AWS Account.

OpenSearch requires an IAM Service Role named `AWSServiceRoleForAmazonOpenSearchService` to be defined.

This role is automatically created when creating an OpenSearch Service domain
using the AWS Console, but must be created explicitly when creating a domain
programmatically.

Note that this will fail if the Role already exists, which is fine, since deployment
of the stac-server module only requires that it exists.

To deploy, run:

```shell
cd bootstrap
terraform init
terraform apply -target=aws_iam_service_linked_role.opensearch_linked_role
```

There is no need to keep the terraform state file, as running this is intended to

> be an idempotent operation.

Reviewer 2: You could just `aws iam create-service-linked-role --aws-service-name opensearchservice.amazonaws.com`?

Reviewer 2: I found I also had to `aws iam create-service-linked-role --aws-service-name wafv2.amazonaws.com` to make something using the WAF happy.

### Create Terraform State Backend Resources

> Terraform stores the state of the deployment in a managed state file. When deploying via CI
> to shared environments, this state file must be stored somewhere non-local, so we use
> S3. This sets up an S3+DynamoDB Terraform backend to store this state. This
> should be created once per AWS Account + Region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform stores the state of the deployment in a managed state file. When deploying via CI
to shared environments, this state file must be stored somewhere non-local, so we use
S3. This sets up an S3+DynamoDB Terraform backend to store this state. This
should be created once per AWS Account + Region. The Terraform state S3 Bucket name
must be globally unique, so it is recommended to use where the value
passed for `TerraformStateBucketName` is a unique bucket name based on the template
`filmdrop-{project_name}-{region}-terraform-state-{random_string}`:
```
